README.md, before:

<p align="center"> <img alt="Space Station 14" width="880" height="300" src="https://github.com/Goob-Station/Goob-Station/blob/master/Resources/Textures/Logo/logo.png" /></p>

This is a fork from the primary repo for Space Station 14 called Goob Station. To prevent people forking RobustToolbox, a "content" pack is loaded by the client and server. This content pack contains everything needed to play the game on one specific server this is the content pack for Goob Station.

If you want to host or create content for SS14, go to the [Space Station 14 repository](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14) as it contains both RobustToolbox and the content pack for development of new content packs and is the base for your fork.

## Links

[Goob Station Discord Server](https://discord.gg/goobstation) | [Goob Station Development Discord Server](https://discord.gg/zXk2cyhzPN) | [Goob Station Forum](https://forums.goobstation.com/) | [Goob Station Website](https://goobstation.com)

## Documentation/Wiki

The Goob Station [docs site](https://docs.goobstation.com/) has documentation on GS14's content, engine, game design, and more. It also has lots of resources for new contributors to the project.

## Contributing

We are happy to accept contributions from anybody. Get in [Development Discord Server](https://discord.gg/zXk2cyhzPN) if you want to help. Feel free to check the [list of issues](https://github.com/Goob-Station/Goob-Station/issues) that need to be done and anybody can pick them up. Don't be afraid to ask for help either!
While following the [Space Station 14 contribution guidelines](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/general-development/codebase-info/pull-request-guidelines.html) is not mandatory for Goob Station, we recommend reviewing them for best practices.

We are not currently accepting translations of the game on our main repository. If you would like to translate the game into another language consider creating a fork or contributing to a fork.

## Building

1. Clone this repo.
2. Run `RUN_THIS.py` to init submodules and download the engine.
3. Compile the solution.

[More detailed instructions on building the project.](https://docs.goobstation.com/en/general-development/setup.html)

## License

Content contributed to this repository after commit [8270907bdc509a3fb5ecfecde8cc14e5845ede36](https://github.com/Goob-Station/Goob-Station/commit/8270907bdc509a3fb5ecfecde8cc14e5845ede36) is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License version 3.0, unless otherwise stated. See LICENSE-AGPLv3.txt. Content contributed to this repository before commit [8270907bdc509a3fb5ecfecde8cc14e5845ede36](https://github.com/Goob-Station/Goob-Station/commit/8270907bdc509a3fb5ecfecde8cc14e5845ede36) is licensed under the MIT license, unless otherwise stated. See LICENSE.txt.

Most assets are licensed under [CC-BY-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/) unless stated otherwise. Assets have their license and the copyright in the metadata file. [Example](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14/blob/master/Resources/Textures/Objects/Tools/crowbar.rsi/meta.json).

Note that some assets are licensed under the non-commercial [CC-BY-NC-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/) or similar non-commercial licenses and will need to be removed if you wish to use this project commercially.

Commit message:

REUSE ATTEMPT 3 (#2336)
* Migrate Licenses

* reuse init

* README update

* workflow + co-author support

* oops

* Init Headers

---------

Co-authored-by: GoobBot <uristmchands@proton.me>

README.md, after:

<p align="center"> <img alt="Space Station 14" width="880" height="300" src="https://github.com/Goob-Station/Goob-Station/blob/master/Resources/Textures/Logo/logo.png" /></p>

This is a fork from the primary repo for Space Station 14 called Goob Station. To prevent people forking RobustToolbox, a "content" pack is loaded by the client and server. This content pack contains everything needed to play the game on one specific server this is the content pack for Goob Station.

If you want to host or create content for SS14, go to the [Space Station 14 repository](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14) as it contains both RobustToolbox and the content pack for development of new content packs and is the base for your fork.

## Links

[Goob Station Discord Server](https://discord.gg/goobstation) | [Goob Station Development Discord Server](https://discord.gg/zXk2cyhzPN) | [Goob Station Forum](https://forums.goobstation.com/) | [Goob Station Website](https://goobstation.com)

## Documentation/Wiki

The Goob Station [docs site](https://docs.goobstation.com/) has documentation on GS14's content, engine, game design, and more. It also has lots of resources for new contributors to the project.

## Contributing

We are happy to accept contributions from anybody. Get in [Development Discord Server](https://discord.gg/zXk2cyhzPN) if you want to help. Feel free to check the [list of issues](https://github.com/Goob-Station/Goob-Station/issues) that need to be done and anybody can pick them up. Don't be afraid to ask for help either!
While following the [Space Station 14 contribution guidelines](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/general-development/codebase-info/pull-request-guidelines.html) is not mandatory for Goob Station, we recommend reviewing them for best practices.

We are not currently accepting translations of the game on our main repository. If you would like to translate the game into another language consider creating a fork or contributing to a fork.

## Building

1. Clone this repo.
2. Run `RUN_THIS.py` to init submodules and download the engine.
3. Compile the solution.

[More detailed instructions on building the project.](https://docs.goobstation.com/en/general-development/setup.html)

## License

The codebase is primarily licensed under the AGPL-3.0-or-later license, with some parts licensed under the MIT license. Licensing information for each file is specified using the [REUSE Specification](https://reuse.software/), which includes copyright and license details in file headers or separate `.license` files. You can find the full text of the main licenses in the `LICENSES/` directory.
Most assets are licensed under [CC-BY-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/) unless stated otherwise. Assets have their license and the copyright in the metadata file. [Example](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14/blob/master/Resources/Textures/Objects/Tools/crowbar.rsi/meta.json).

Note that some assets are licensed under the non-commercial [CC-BY-NC-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/) or similar non-commercial licenses and will need to be removed if you wish to use this project commercially.
